<?xml version="1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml ; charset=utf-8"/>
    <title>no title</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="CSS/stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="content">
      <div class="header" style="display: oeb-page-head">24/16</div>
      <p id="psgmt_268" class="heading">4 Information Sanitization and Disposition Decision Making </p>
      <p id="psgmt_269">An organization may maintain storage devices with differing levels of confidentiality, and it is important to understand what types of data may be stored on the device in order to apply the techniques that best balance efficiency and efficacy to maintain the confidentiality of the data. Data confidentiality level should be identified using procedures described in FIPS 199. Additional information is available on mapping information types to security categories in SP 800-60 Revision 1. </p>
      <p id="psgmt_270">While most devices support some form of Clear, not all devices have a reliable Purge mechanism. For moderate confidentiality data, the media owner may choose to accept the risk of applying Clear techniques to the media, acknowledging that some data may be able to be retrieved by someone with the time, knowledge, and skills to do so. </p>
      <p id="psgmt_271">Purge (and Clear, where applicable) may be more appropriate than Destroy when factoring in environmental concerns, the desire to reuse the media (either within the organization or by selling or donating the media), the cost of a media or media device, or difficulties in physically Destroying some types of media. </p>
      <p id="psgmt_272">The risk decision should include the potential consequence of disclosure of information retrievable from the media, the cost of information retrieval and its efficacy, and the cost of sanitization and its efficacy. Additionally, the length of time the data will remain sensitive should also be considered. These values may vary between different environments. </p>
      <p id="psgmt_273">Organizations can use Figure 4-1 with the descriptions in this section to assist them in making sanitization decisions that are commensurate with the security categorization of the confidentiality of information contained on their media. The decision process is based on the confidentiality of the information, not the type of media. Once organizations decide what type of sanitization is best for their individual case, then the media type will influence the technique used to achieve this sanitization goal. </p>
      <div class="header" style="display: oeb-page-head">25/17</div>
      <p id="psgmt_274">Figure 4-1: Sanitization and Disposition Decision Flow </p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
